README.md, before:

# ✨ Poemify AI

Poemify AI is an AI-powered web application that transforms a **text prompt** — with an optional **image input** — into a meaningful poem based on the user’s chosen emotional tone.

The app focuses on creative expression by blending **user intent**, **visual context**, and **AI-generated poetry** into a simple, elegant experience.

---

## 💡 Problem Statement

People often struggle to express emotions through words. Existing tools are either complex or lack emotional flexibility.

**Poemify AI** solves this by enabling users to generate expressive poetry instantly — guided by mood and context.

---

## 🚀 Solution

Poemify AI allows users to:
- Enter a custom prompt  
- Optionally upload an image for inspiration  
- Select a poem tone (Romantic, Neutral, Emotional, Calm, Dramatic)  
- Instantly generate a personalized poem  

All within a minimal and intuitive interface.

---

## ✨ Key Features

- AI-generated poems from text prompts  
- Optional image-based creative context  
- Multiple emotional styles  
- Fast, responsive UI  
- Simple and intuitive user experience  

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- **Next.js** – Frontend framework  
- **Firebase Studio** – Hosting & backend services  
- **AI Model Integration** – Poem generation logic  

---

## 👇🏻 Link

https://6000-firebase-studio-1767972533272.cluster-nzwlpk54dvagsxetkvxzbvslyi.cloudworkstations.dev/

---

## ⚙️ Setup & Installation

```bash
npm install
npm run dev

Commit message:

Rename application from Poemify AI to Ode Weaver
Updated the application name from 'Poemify AI' to 'Ode Weaver' throughout the README.

README.md, after:

# ✨ Ode Weaver

Ode Weaver is an AI-powered web application that transforms a **text prompt** — with an optional **image input** — into a meaningful poem based on the user’s chosen emotional tone.

The app focuses on creative expression by blending **user intent**, **visual context**, and **AI-generated poetry** into a simple, elegant experience.

---

## 💡 Problem Statement

People often struggle to express emotions through words. Existing tools are either complex or lack emotional flexibility.

**Ode Weaver** solves this by enabling users to generate expressive poetry instantly — guided by mood and context.

---

## 🚀 Solution

Ode Weaver allows users to:
- Enter a custom prompt  
- Optionally upload an image for inspiration  
- Select a poem tone (Romantic, Naturalistic,Classic)  
- Instantly generate a personalized poem  

All within a minimal and intuitive interface.

---

## ✨ Key Features

- AI-generated poems from text prompts  
- Optional image-based creative context  
- Multiple emotional styles  
- Fast, responsive UI  
- Simple and intuitive user experience  

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- **Next.js** – Frontend framework  
- **Firebase Studio** – Hosting & backend services  
- **AI Model Integration** – Poem generation logic  

---

## 👇🏻 Link

https://6000-firebase-studio-1767972533272.cluster-nzwlpk54dvagsxetkvxzbvslyi.cloudworkstations.dev/

---

## ⚙️ Setup & Installation

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
